## Weekly Report
>Target Content\
>First week\
>5.4-5.11 阅读相关文献，复习基础理论知识

Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) offers a powerful mechanism to learn optimal policies through continuous interaction with the environment. However, in practice, DRL faces several problems in IoT systems:

- Privacy concerns when raw data or model gradients are shared with the cloud.
- Scalability limitations, as most DRL models are not generalizable across multiple edge nodes.
- Coordination challenges when learning across multiple agents (devices, edge servers) with different resources and goals.


For problem 2 and problem 3,we try to allow multiple reinforcement learning agents to learn optimal control policy on their own IoT devices of the same type but with slightly different dynamics. For such multiple IoT devices, there is no guarantee that an agent who interacts only with one IoT device and learns the optimal control policy will also control another IoT device well. 

Therefore we propose a new federated reinforcement learning architecture where each agent working on its independent IoT device shares their learning experience (i.e., the gradient of loss function) with each other, and transfers a mature policy model parameters into other agents. They accelerate its learning process by using mature parameters. We incorporate the Actor-Critic PPO algorithm into each agent in the proposed collaborative architecture and propose an efficient procedure for the gradient sharing and the model transfer.


